apple at 20p
11 sales of apples at 22p each
grape at 100p
15 sales of grapes at 90p each
10 sales of oranges at 56p each
apple at 15p
Add 10p apples
5 sales of apples at 20p each
apple at 15p
25 sales of lemons at 8p each
banana at 25p
10 sales of oranges at 20p each
Subtract 5p oranges
60 sales of bananas at 5p each
apple at 35p
20 sales of apples at 55p each
apple at 15p
Multiply 10p apples
5 sales of apples at 8p each
lemon at 100p
15 sales of grapes at 90p each
Subtract 2p oranges
apple at 15p
grape at 100p
15 sales of grapes at 90p each
10 sales of oranges at 56p each
Subtract 6p oranges
apple at 15p
Add 10p apples
Multiply 10p lemons
5 sales of lemons at 20p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of apples at 65p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of lemons at 1p each
grape at 100p
15 sales of grapes at 90p each
Subtract 2p oranges
apple at 15p
5 sales of oranges at 8p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of apples at 8p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of grapes at 8p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of apples at 8p each
banana at 25p
Subtract 6p lemons
10 sales of oranges at 20p each
Subtract 5p oranges
60 sales of bananas at 5p each
apple at 15p
20 sales of apples at 55p each
apple at 15p
Multiply 10p grapes
5 sales of apples at 8p each
5 sales of apples at 8p each
15 sales of grapes at 90p each
10 sales of oranges at 56p each
Subtract 6p oranges
apple at 15p
Add 10p apples
5 sales of apples at 8p each
apple at 15p
5 sales of grapes at 8p each
banana at 25p
10 sales of oranges at 20p each
Subtract 5p oranges
60 sales of bananas at 5p each
